---
layout: post
title: "Luxai stuff"
date: 2021-05-03
reviewed: 2021-05-12

published: true
tags: professional 
excerpt: 'Luxai little notebook thing'
comments: false
---


Right now I'm not going too in detail, I'm just gonna do daily logs etc. Made this on 29th, but started working on luxai on probs 26/8/21?

26-28/8/21:
Worekd on bots, ended up making solidbotv1 and sbv2. and variants with some minor tweaks. Currently, sbv2 is the highest I have (written 29th). 

28/8/21:
Decided to make devastate variants.
My first dev. is just eat as much as you can. He's very simple (elegant :) ) code and he is literally fucking as good as my BEST bot (solidbotv2 -> night sense + build new city if too far away additions from solidbotv1). Like , they're effectively tied.

I also made a devastate v2. I'll describe what I wrote in his kaggle submission summary, "Devastate2; well, I'm not sure how he'll deal. Basically he doesn't even care about cities anymore: once he has enough materials, he'll place a city in the nearest empty cell he can. Fucking madlad. Chad. Pure, unadulterated reproduction. Can be improved".
He's at 890 ELO stable, devastate v1 is at ~950 stable (same with solidbotv2).

29/8/21:
> Deciding to go *Planetary Devastation Path*. Making another file lol: THe devastation was good and I know how to improve it, but I feel like the organisation structure is kinda annoying and I wanna do some stuff like data persisting over states, etc. So Planetary Devastation will be class based, and it will devastate as always, but this time it will also **distribute to resource clusters** and eat those too!
This might take some time to get going, but I feel good about this. Even if it doesn't go high, it'll be funny to just see every resource on the map gone.
I'll need to add some new things here, mainly:

> Distributing workers to move to different resource clusters so they can duplicate there.
So for that, I'll need to somehow learn how to
1. Identify clusters
2. Distribute workers
Would be funny if I could just fkin invade the enemy if they're close enough too.

30/8/21:
Didn't do much, but figured out high level plan of how to distribute workers (using Agent memory) and also figured out how to identify clusters and get nearest_cluster_position !!!!!!
WOOOO

31/8/21:
Woke up too late, didn't want to eat, make sandwich, get ready for school in 5 mins so skipped it today. Was productive all around today. Beginning to translate my cluster stuff into classes on *Planetary Devastation* agent. Getting good variable names is a pain, lol.
Also, huikang released his code. https://www.kaggle.com/huikang/lux-ai-working-title-bot. I could legit just notebook submit it and technically be able to say 'Reached gold medal position in Lux AI' but... "I want to submit it so bad lol but I also don't want someone else's pure notebook to be in my submissions tab overshadowing the agents I put effort into :/".

5:20PM - Added ClusterTracker class into my agent. Holy shit it works! (As in, when I ask it to print the closest cluster & its position to a unit, it does that!!AH AHHAHA). It should be noted the current methods output really odd looking things (like a: [11, (3,4)] which is the resource cluster_id and then the position of the nearest resource in that cluster from a given unit. But it's useful, so :shrug:)

6:45 - Did some good work today. I'd like to get move_unit working tommorrow (so we'll have to port over some more functions & get citytile_cells working).